a lifting serves to reduce the double chin
the facelift is a surgery of the
that in recent years there is talk
we have often heard of everything up
even announce his death I would say that
it's just the opposite what it is
true is that patients who come to
our query requesting a
facial rejuvenation through a
lifting technique are patients who in
100% of cases are referred
by other patients who have already been
submitted to this type of intervention and
that are the best guarantee for this
type of surgery
this is a meticulous surgery where the
surgeon has to have a broad
experience and know how to treat tissues
very delicately to get
natural results there is the crux of
the question
It can be said that the skin is a is one of
the tissues the widest of our
organism that does not support very well the
tension is to say we should not stretch the
skin we must reposition the tension
must be
made in deeper tissues in what
what we call the muscle fascia there
yes we can stretch and that will give us place
to more permanent results in the
time and especially to that once
stretched those deep planes the skin
it will not need to be stretched but it will be
repositioned in its new placement
special mention deserves all this that
we are saying at neck level
where we will find muscles very
fine in the isthmus muscle that should
be tensed must be relocated but
we can also find
important to clumps of fat such as
that give rise to a double chin that should
be withdrawn
not in its entirety because if the
we removed completely skeletal
we will do too much is to that area but
if extirpated in its excess for
get a lot more contours
harmonics with the rest of the face
definitely the only treatment
advisable to treat a double chin is the
realization of a facelift in
expert hands